README.md, before:

# Express Server on Cloud Functions for Firebase

Host an Express Server in Cloud Functions for Firebase [with ES6+](https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-es6-example)!

Here is the accompanying [Medium Post](https://medium.com/@jthegedus).

## TLDR;
Host your Express Server on Cloud Functions enabling a low-cost, auto-scaling web server leveraging Firebase's sweet developer experience.

Cloud Functions uses [Express request and response objects](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/http-events#trigger_a_function_with_an_http_request) allowing us to pass an Express app [directly into the function](https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-express-example/blob/master/functionsES6/index.js#L12).

File of interest:
*   functionsES6/[index.js](https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-express-example/blob/master/functionsES6/index.js)

## Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-express-example
cd firebase-functions-express-example
yarn install
```
## Deploy to Firebase
```
yarn deploy
```
N.B.: You will need to connect the project to your Firebase project. Edit the name in .firebaserc or run `firebase init` and choose not to override any files.

Commit message:

Add code compatibility to README

README.md, after:

# Express Server on Cloud Functions for Firebase

Host an Express Server in Cloud Functions for Firebase [with ES6+](https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-es6-example)!

Here is the accompanying [Medium Post](https://medium.com/@jthegedus).

## TLDR;
Host your Express Server on Cloud Functions enabling a low-cost, auto-scaling web server leveraging Firebase's sweet developer experience.

Cloud Functions uses [Express request and response objects](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/http-events#trigger_a_function_with_an_http_request) allowing us to pass an Express app [directly into the function](https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-express-example/blob/master/functionsES6/index.js#L12).

File of interest:
*   functionsES6/[index.js](https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-express-example/blob/master/functionsES6/index.js)

## A note on Code Compatibility
Everything was tested on Ubuntu 16.04 & Windows 10 with [Bash on Ubuntu on Windows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-au/commandline/wsl/about). If you wish for Windows native support please [submit an issue](https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-express-example/issues/new) so we can work on a Windows branch. Please report any macOS errors as I do not have access to a device to test. My development environment can be found here.

## Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/jthegedus/firebase-functions-express-example
cd firebase-functions-express-example
yarn install
```
## Deploy to Firebase
```
yarn deploy
```
N.B.: You will need to connect the project to your Firebase project. Edit the name in .firebaserc or run `firebase init` and choose not to override any files.
